SSI and Global Payments predictions blog (#1291)
TBD54566975/developer.tbd.website: site/blog/2024-02-28-predictions-for-global-payments-and-identity.md

* Fuselab Creative envisions that Biometric Authentication and AI integration will be [top UI/UX trends in 2024](https://fuselabcreative.com/top-20-ui-ux-design-trends-for-2024).
* Trinsic’s CEO, Riley Hughes, shared [10 Predictions for IDtech in 2024](https://trinsic.id/10-predictions-for-the-identity-industry-in-2024/), including verified profiles on platforms like TikTok and Snapchat.
* KPMG anticipates the [future of payments](https://assets.kpmg.com/content/dam/kpmg/uz/pdf/2020/04/uz-10-predictions-for-the-future-of-payments.pdf) will incorporate social experiences into payment technology.
* GitHub foresees an increase in AI security tools integrated into the developer workflow in their [2024 Predictions for Open Source Software](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/2024-predictions-open-source-software-github-rtxdc).

Inspired by these predictions across various industries and recognizing TBD's role in reshaping the web, identity, and global payments, it seems fitting to voice our vision of the future.

## Our Projects

Before I share predictions, let me give you an overview of TBD’s initiatives and explain how we fit into the Global Payments and Identity industries.

> At TBD, we aim to make the decentralized financial world accessible to everyone. Initially, this goal didn't resonate deeply with me. But as I reflected, I recognized the importance of financial inclusivity in my own life. As an immigrant, I've witnessed my parents face challenges accessing traditional financial services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At TBD, we aim to make the financial world accessible to everyone. Initially, this goal didn't resonate deeply with me. But as I reflected, I recognized the importance of financial inclusivity in my own life. As an immigrant, I've witnessed my parents face challenges accessing traditional financial services.
```
The entire financial world 😊

Author: oh oop. Let me change that. I actually copied the aim from our website -- tbd.website

* **Modernizing ID management** - Along with other organizations, we're part of a collective to leverage W3C standards to reduce reliance on passwords or physical identification cards. In the future, we’re working on creating a world where it will be popular to store IDs and credentials on your cellphone via [Verifiable Credentials](https://developer.tbd.website/docs/web5/learn/verifiable-credentials), [Decentralized Identifiers](https://developer.tbd.website/docs/web5/learn/decentralized-identifiers), and [Agents](https://developer.tbd.website/docs/web5/learn/agents).
* **Introducing data portability** - We built the [Web5 SDK](https://developer.tbd.website/docs/web5/) to empower developers to create web apps where users can keep their data private and easily migrate data from one platform to another.

## My Top 2 Predictions

### 1. The Rise of International Payment Apps

> TBD's Software Development Kit (SDK) will empower developers and financial institutions to build applications that support frictionless international money transfers. While this feature benefits personal remittances (sending money globally to family and friends), it's equally beneficial for business entities. Examples of entities limited by the challenge of cross-border payments include:

Reviewer: This is an open source SDK, we do not want to claim possession of it
```suggestion
tbDEX will empower developers and financial institutions to build applications that enable frictionless international money transfers. While this feature benefits personal remittances (sending money globally to family and friends), it's equally beneficial for business entities. Examples of entities limited by the challenge of cross-border payments include:
```
